content/api/v1/conversations/post.md, before:

---
title: Qoolife API V1 Conversations Posting (replying)
---

# Replying to a Conversation

You can reply to an existing conversation submitting its data to:

    POST /api/v1/conversations/1/posts

<dl>
  <dt>post[body]</dt>
  <dd>I say your message</dd>
</dl>

The response will be a JSON response containing the conversation and including an array of posts for each individual conversation, including the posted one, and an array of conversation watchers.


Example request:

    curl -u 'user@example.com:sekret' -X POST -d 'post[body]=I say your message' https://qoolife.com/api/v1/conversations/1/posts

Response:

    HTTP/1.1 201 Created

    {
      'conversation':
        {
          'id':1,
          'user_id':2,
          'title':'a title',
          'date':'2012-10-05T15:35:00+02:00',
          'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'type_human':'private message',
          'status':'resolved',
          'unread':'false',
          'last_viewed_at':'2011-11-30T16:48:24+01:00',
          'posts': [{
            'id': 1,
            'user_id': 1,
            'conversation_id': 1,
            'body': 'Wow folks whats app',
            'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
            'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
            'attachment':null
          },
          {
            'id': 2,
            'user_id': 2,
            'conversation_id': 1,
            'body': 'I saw your message',
            'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
            'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00'
          }
          ]
          'watchers': [
          {
            'id':1,
            'first_name':'Robb',
            'last_name':'Murtin',
            'about_me':'Neither thin nor fat, neither rich nor poor. Common people.',
            'professional_roles':'Médico',
            'avatar':'https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/1422885fa18378ece1b688d22abd551f.jpg%3Fsize=48&d=https://qoolife.com/assets/icons/avatar-small.png',
            'slug':'robb-murtin',
            'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
            'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00'
          },
          {
            'id':2,
            'first_name':'Mutt',
            'last_name':'Robbin',
            'about_me':'Neither thin nor fat, neither rich nor poor. Common people.',
            'professional_roles':'',
            'avatar':'https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/1422885fa18378ece1b688d22abd551f.jpg%3Fsize=48&d=https://qoolife.com/assets/icons/avatar-small.png',
            'slug':'mutt-robbin',
            'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
            'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00'
          }
          ]
        }
    }

Commit message:

add information about full and simple post#create responses

content/api/v1/conversations/post.md, after:

---
title: Qoolife API V1 Conversations Posting (replying)
---

# Replying to a Conversation

You can reply to an existing conversation submitting its data to:

    POST /api/v1/conversations/1/posts

<dl>
  <dt>post[body]</dt>
  <dd>I say your message</dd>
</dl>

There are two possible responses: a full response containing the conversation with all the posts and watchers, and a simple response with just the post. The last one is the default response; if you want to get the full response send the parameter ```response_type=full``` with your POST request.

Example request with simple response (default):

    curl -u 'user@example.com:sekret' -X POST -d 'post[body]=I say your message' https://qoolife.com/api/v1/conversations/1/posts

Response:

    HTTP/1.1 201 Created

    {
      'post':
        {
          'id': 2,
          'user_id': 2,
          'conversation_id': 1,
          'body': 'I saw your message',
          'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00'
        }
    }

Example request with full response:

    curl -u 'user@example.com:sekret' -X POST -d 'post[body]=I say your message;response_type=full' https://qoolife.com/api/v1/conversations/1/posts

Response:

    HTTP/1.1 201 Created

    {
      'conversation':
        {
          'id':1,
          'user_id':2,
          'title':'a title',
          'date':'2012-10-05T15:35:00+02:00',
          'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'type_human':'private message',
          'status':'resolved',
          'unread':'false',
          'last_viewed_at':'2011-11-30T16:48:24+01:00',
          'posts': [{
            'id': 1,
            'user_id': 1,
            'conversation_id': 1,
            'body': 'Wow folks whats app',
            'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
            'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
            'attachment':null
          },
          {
            'id': 2,
            'user_id': 2,
            'conversation_id': 1,
            'body': 'I saw your message',
            'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
            'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00'
          }
          ]
          'watchers': [
          {
            'id':1,
            'first_name':'Robb',
            'last_name':'Murtin',
            'about_me':'Neither thin nor fat, neither rich nor poor. Common people.',
            'professional_roles':'Médico',
            'avatar':'https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/1422885fa18378ece1b688d22abd551f.jpg%3Fsize=48&d=https://qoolife.com/assets/icons/avatar-small.png',
            'slug':'robb-murtin',
            'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
            'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00'
          },
          {
            'id':2,
            'first_name':'Mutt',
            'last_name':'Robbin',
            'about_me':'Neither thin nor fat, neither rich nor poor. Common people.',
            'professional_roles':'',
            'avatar':'https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/1422885fa18378ece1b688d22abd551f.jpg%3Fsize=48&d=https://qoolife.com/assets/icons/avatar-small.png',
            'slug':'mutt-robbin',
            'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
            'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00'
          }
          ]
        }
    }
