content/api/v1/journal_entries/index.md, before:

---
title: Qoolife API V1 Journal Entries Listing
---

# Journal Entries Listing

You can get all journal entries for the authenticated user from:

    GET /api/v1/journal_entries

The response will be a JSON array with all the journal entries for the user, including an array of measurements for each individual entry.

Example request:

    curl -v -u 'user@example.com:sekret' https://qoolife.com/api/v1/journal_entries

Response:

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK

    {
      'journal_entries':
       [{
          'id':609,
          'user_id':1,
          'author_id':1,
          'body':'a private entry for October 5th 15:35',
          'date':'2012-10-05T15:35:00+02:00',
          'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'measurements':
            [{
              'id':8305,
              'journal_entry_id':609,
              'user_id':1,
              'int_value':null,
              'float_value':80.0,
              'text_value':'80',
              'variable_id':1,
              'variable_type':'float',
              'name':'Peso',
              'created_at':'2013-04-19T13:32:42+02:00',
              'updated_at':'2013-04-19T13:32:42+02:00'
            }]
        },
        {
          'id':610,
          'user_id':1,
          'author_id':1,
          'body':'a private entry for October 6th 16:36',
          'date':'2012-10-05T15:35:00+02:00',
          'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'measurements': []
        }
      ]
    }

Commit message:

add journal entry comments and assigment due date for questionnaires

content/api/v1/journal_entries/index.md, after:

---
title: Qoolife API V1 Journal Entries Listing
---

# Journal Entries Listing

You can get all journal entries for the authenticated user from:

    GET /api/v1/journal_entries

The response will be a JSON array with all the journal entries for the user, including an array of measurements and comments for each individual entry.

Example request:

    curl -v -u 'user@example.com:sekret' https://qoolife.com/api/v1/journal_entries

Response:

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK

    {
      'journal_entries':
       [{
          'id':609,
          'user_id':1,
          'author_id':1,
          'body':'a private entry for October 5th 15:35',
          'date':'2012-10-05T15:35:00+02:00',
          'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'measurements':
            [{
              'id':8305,
              'journal_entry_id':609,
              'user_id':1,
              'int_value':null,
              'float_value':80.0,
              'text_value':'80',
              'variable_id':1,
              'variable_type':'float',
              'name':'Peso',
              'created_at':'2013-04-19T13:32:42+02:00',
              'updated_at':'2013-04-19T13:32:42+02:00'
            }]
          'comments':
            [{
              'id':1,
              'body': "I'm a comment"
              'created_at':'2013-04-19T13:32:42+02:00',
              'updated_at':'2013-04-19T13:32:42+02:00'
            },
            {
              'id':2,
              'body': "No, I AM a comment"
              'created_at':'2013-04-19T13:35:42+02:00',
              'updated_at':'2013-04-19T13:35:42+02:00'
            }]
        },
        {
          'id':610,
          'user_id':1,
          'author_id':1,
          'body':'a private entry for October 6th 16:36',
          'date':'2012-10-05T15:35:00+02:00',
          'created_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'updated_at':'2012-03-18T10:40:30+01:00',
          'measurements': [],
          'comments': []
        }
      ]
    }
